I have seen Qin Shao
I have seen Young Master Qin and Young Master Qin
You are me, Hu Xinxin from Xinrong Group.
As expected of a business woman
A talented person
No wonder my dad's land blooms for you
Qin Shao didn't like it anymore
It is my honor to cooperate with the Qin family
However, Young Master Qin, I still want to apologize to you.
My ex-husband regretted me
To make me regret it
I found these guys.
To pretend to be the eldest lady of the four rich families
One of them is pretending to be the eldest lady of the Qin family
That's right, it's a heinous crime
That's what I'm here for.
But don't worry, Miss Hu.
My Qin family will not insult grandpa in this matter
Why don't you hurry over and kneel down to apologize to Young Master Qin?
If an apology works
Can't everyone in my Qin family be bullied?
Crawl out with your feet
The person who can break my legs hasn't been born yet
No one will come in the future
Break his legs
Let's see if your legs are hard
Still my iron rod is hard
I'll see who dares
Your courage at this moment
It's getting bigger.